Submariner for environments with multiple AZ (#5467)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/1/architecture.mdx

can be realized on multiple Kubernetes clusters that meet the connectivity
requirements.
More information can be found in the ["Connectivity"](connectivity.md) section.

> !!! Note Availability zones 

Reviewer: Should this not be regions and availability zones? (Given that one region can have multiple availability zones but the liklihood is that cross-region deployments are whats on peoples minds.)

    When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 

>     ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. Specifically, every service created with a `-node` or `-group` suffix must be discoverable by all other `-node` and `-group` services. This can be achieved by deploying a network connectivity application like 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. Specifically, every service created with a `-node` or `-group` suffix must be discoverable by all other `-node` and `-group` services. You can achieve this by deploying a network connectivity application like 
```

can be realized on multiple Kubernetes clusters that meet the connectivity
requirements.
More information can be found in the ["Connectivity"](connectivity.md) section.

!!! NoteAvailability zones 
    When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 
    ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. To ensure 
    pods and services are reachable by all Kubernetes clusters, deploy a network connectivity application like 

>     [Submariner](https://submariner.io/) on every cluster. 

Author: @jlong49 on one of your demos, you explained that apart from setting up submariner, you need to apply a `ServiceExport` YAML object to ensure data is replicated between clusters. 

Is that something we need to add here? Or maybe even as an additional step in this quickstart guide?

Reviewer 3: the serviceexport is part of submariner we can explain the more general purpose of what the serviceexport does in case they use some other network connectivity solution.

> 
> !!! NoteAvailability zones 
>     When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 
>     ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. To ensure 
>     pods and services are reachable by all Kubernetes clusters, deploy a network connectivity application like 
>     [Submariner](https://submariner.io/) on every cluster. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

!!! NoteAvailability zones 
    When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 
    ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. Specifically, every service created with a `-node` or `-group` suffix must be discoverable by all other `-node` and `-group` services. This can be achieved by deploying a network connectivity application like 
    [Submariner](https://submariner.io/) on every cluster. 
```
